The law firm Jacobson
Moore hid documents
that could have taken
opioids off the market
and saved our daughter's life.
Talk to me about the
mysterious Debra Palmer.
I moonlight as a mortuary cosmetologist.
Senior had her sign an nda.
I was just tracing the
hush money senior paid
to Bury the wellbrexa study.
Senior must have funneled the money
through his personal accounts.
Dad. is everything okay?
I'm forgetting all kinds of things.
I'm scared. son.
Matlock... I don't trust her.
I am always happy to talk
about Madeline Matlock.
I haven't always been the nicest to you.
You're a really good person. Matty.
I should not have fired you. Sarah.
If you ever want back on my team.
I'll take you in a second.
I'll have to think it over.
Joey's Alfie's father.
I'm sorry I missed your
call. Is everything okay?
I had a craving. and.
my sponsor's out of town.
so I thought I'd call you.
Would you want to talk to me through AI
after I'm gone?
I'd talk to mom.
Hi. mom.
There's no easy way to say this.
We think your dad's using drugs again.
That's why we're not going camping?
Yes.
We haven't heard
from him for a few days.
and neither has his sponsor.
And the last time I saw
Joey. he was struggling.
Why?
Because he admitted
that he's known about
you the whole time.
What?
- Edwin.
- He deserves the truth.
He knew about me?
Since before you were born.
- He's simply not - who we thought he was.
- Let's not
turn this into a verdict yet. okay?
We don't know what's going on.
I don't care what's going on.
He knew about me the
whole time and he lied.
- Exactly. end of story.
- Look. this is a very
- complicated situation. it's...
- I just want to go to sleep.
Can you guys go?
What happened to neutral?
I don't want to be neutral.
The guy's a dirt bag.
- We're done with him.
- Joey is Alfie's father.
And Alfie has been doing
just fine without him all these years.
Regardless. we have to
think about it from all angles.
including what Ellie would want.
So you've had one
conversation with an AI
version of our daughter.
and now you are ready to blow up
all the boundaries we set?
Edwin. that is not true.
Boy.
You made the right call. mom.
Dad would just be more upset
if you told him that we still talk.
I know. and I hate lying to him.
but shutting Joey out isn't the answer.
I'm surprised dad's
taking such a hard line.
- He was always the softie.
- No kidding.
I'm used to being the stubborn one.
Well. I'm glad you said it and not me.
- In a corn maze.
- Stop it.
You still won't admit that you got us lost.
The map was wrong. okay?
That's my story and I'm sticking to it.
You only remember that
because I uploaded a video.
You're just an AI program.
Nobody's perfect.
It's Olympia. We'll talk later.
- Did you find anything?
- Maybe.
We went through my dad's
accounting. and in 2010.
there are all these weird charges
paid to an entity known as "e.G."
Yup.
Found one charge for $75.000.
Another for $50.000.
For "personal grooming services."
That's not man-scaping.
That's clear-cutting.
Exactly.
And it adds up to $350.000.
which is the exact
amount priva was paid.
All funneled through the same vendor.
No billing address. no tax ID.
Just "e.G."
"Executive glow-up"?
"Encrypted gains"?
I have an educated guess.
Hi. You've reached Debra
Palmer at eternal glamour.
If someone you love is dead. press one.
For personal beauty. press two.
Two.
Debra Palmer.
This is Arthur p. Bench with the IRS.
Your llc is being audited for back taxes.
You must reply to this
phone call immediately.
If you do not reply.
you will be facing
criminal consequences.
If satisfied with your message...
You're coming in a little hot. Arthur.
Debra Palmer is not Joey.
We're trying to get a look at her books.
not hang her for treason.
Your note is received.
And drop whatever
accent you're doing. meryl.
I'm not doing an accent.
It's a backstory of a
hardscrabble upbringing
and foreign travel.
Do you think Joey's dead?
Darling...
I hope not.
Should we call hospitals in case?
I called them. and I'll call them again.
Darling. it's... It's the waiting.
not hearing... it's the hardest.
And-and there's nothing we can do.
Now. sir Arthur p.
Bench must have silence
for his conversation with Debra Palmer.
The IRS agent's a knight?
Must relate to his
hardscrabble backstory.
Going again.
Latte with oat milk and an extra shot?
You know my coffee order?
I had to ask hunter.
Have you given any more
thought to my job offer?
I know I sprung this on you.
but with the merger
closing in two weeks.
I'm gonna need an answer pretty soon.
Of course. and I have
been thinking about it a lot.
and I talked it over with Julian.
who has been so supportive.
which makes it harder.
I'm gonna need another day.
Hey. Morning.
Hunter. I'll see you at 9:00?
For Travis Lee. yeah. I
saw it on the calendar.
but I couldn't find a case file.
Because he's not a client.
I gave a guest lecture at an
undergrad criminal justice class
three years ago and
Travis was a student.
He lost his father in
a terrible hit-and-run.
Never got solved.
Thank you for meeting
me. professor Lawrence.
Of course. I'm glad we can
get you in. How's law school?
I'm really enjoying it. ma'am.
- Good.
- And I know that
your time is valuable.
so I will speak quickly.
This is a timeline for the
night my dad was killed.
This is the map.
He and I fought at my house. here.
I left to go clear my head.
He went to go find
me and he got hit here.
The initial accident report showed
skid marks from SUV tires
and silver paint on a guardrail.
so I cross-referenced silver SUV
vehicle records in the area
with reckless driving and dui arrests.
and I eventually zeroed in on
a suspect. Michael Hammond.
Could you slow down a little?
I happen to be 108 years old.
Sorry.
The crash took place on a road between
the neighborhood pub
and Hammond's house.
- Okay.
- So. I started scouring social media posts
tagged from the pub
the night of the accident.
which there were a lot of.
because it was the world series.
That's when I found Hammond's car.
One of the bartenders
remembers Hammond leaving drunk
right after Freddie Freeman
hit a home run at 10:40 P.M..
11 minutes before my dad was hit. and
I know Hammond did it.
- And you put all of this together?
- Yes. ma'am.
Yeah. over the past few years.
I thought it would be
enough to get the D.A.
To re-open the case. but it wasn't.
So. I filed a civil suit pro se.
The statute of limitations
for a wrongful death suit...
Already passed.
I know. That's why I'm here.
I'm looking for a way to get around it.
and I thought that you might
have some advice for me.
Very quickly.
Because they filed a motion to dismiss.
and the hearing is at 1:00 P.M.
Today?
Yeah.
Bruh.
Michael Hammond's
got a fancy lawyer. and
they want my case tossed.
and... if I lose. I mean...
It's over. There-there's no justice.
And I owe it to my dad
to see this out to the end.
He was out on the road because of me.
Someone has to be held accountable.
Well. what do you think.
professor Lawrence?
The doctrine of fraudulent
concealment. your honor.
A defendant who covers
up their wrongdoing
tolls the statute of limitations.
And fleeing an accident...
That is textbook concealment.
My client didn't flee
because he didn't hit anyone.
Nor was he intoxicated. We have proof
that there was a dui checkpoint
between Brennan's pub
and my client's home.
a checkpoint he passed without incident.
A white man driving a luxury
SUV passing a dui checkpoint?
Color me shocked.
There was also blood
spatter on the guardrail.
Wealthy. white or
not. a blood-soaked car
isn't getting through a checkpoint.
There is no case here.
I'm sorry that the plaintiff
lost his father. but he
can't ruin my client's life
just because he's looking
for someone to blame.
Ms. Lawrence. your tolling
argument's persuasive.
but I'm concerned about
whether you can back it up.
- I can assure you that...
- I don't want assurances.
I want evidence.
Evidence that defendant
hit plaintiff's father
and fled the scene. If not.
I'm not only inclined to dismiss this case
but to sanction you
and your firm for frivolous litigation.
Are you comfortable with those terms?
I believe in my client.
and he deserves justice.
If it was Hammond. he must have
cleaned the blood off his car.
I'll get hunter to canvass
all the late-night businesses
between the bar and the checkpoint.
Speaking of business.
Debra Palmer bought Edwin's IRS act.
hook. line. and sinker.
He's meeting her at
her beauty bar Thursday.
We've got her right where we want her.
Howard marks ton. please.
Tell him that Debra
Palmer is here to see him.
Your skin looks a little dry. honey.
Luckily. I am launching a skin care line.
I knew Edwin came on too strong.
Debra.
- As I live and breathe.
- Aw.
You haven't aged a day.
What can I say. Howie?
My products work.
- Let's go up to my office.
- More privacy.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
So big.
Hi. there.
Hi. Sorry.
I was coming to talk about a client lead.
I didn't realize you had an appointment.
No appointment. just
a favor for an old friend.
Debra. this is my son. Julian.
My gosh.
Mr. Handsome and Mr. Handsomer.
I'll let you two guess which is which.
Okay. yeah. We will.
Debra has a little. tax
issue she needs help with.
for her company.
Eternal glamour.
making you glow in
this lifetime and the next.
Remember when we came up
with that slogan? I won't say where.
but we both know where.
What-what exactly was the tax issue?
Thank you.
What is the tax issue?
I've been going round
and round in my head
about this. and then I just thought.
who better to ask
than my angel investor?
You invested in Debra's company?
I got her set up with an llc back in...
Well. it would have been... 16 years ago.
Hard to believe.
So. Mr. Handsome-est.
what do you say...
Can you help a girl out?
I really don't want to have
to meet that IRS guy alone.
He was really aggressive.
My dad is pretty busy right now.
I'd be happy to help.
When's the meeting?
Well... the guy. Arthur.
said that he would
come to my beauty bar
on Thursday. and he said to be prepared
to "open every single book!"
Audits rarely go back -Debra: Yeah.
More than six years.
If they want anything
before 2019. call me.
- Okay.
- And have Arthur come here.
Home turf. More intimidating.
Yes.
That's-that's a great idea. Debra.
- let's talk in my office.
- You don't have to ask me twice.
How did a girl get so lucky?
Son.
Thanks. I'd. help her. but
I don't trust my brain with
all the numbers right now.
I-I know. dad. I'm happy to help.
Shouldn't be any bumps.
but. if you find anything funny
in her records. let me know.
Before the auditor takes a look. okay?
Okay.
Arthur p. Bench. IRS.
This is Julian marks ton.
I'm calling in regards
to Debra Palmer's audit.
I will be representing her interests
in this matter going forward.
The first order of
business is that the meeting
Thursday will be held
at Jacobson Moore.
Nonnegotiable.
You tell him.
Can you and your client both hear me?
Nope.
- You want me to come to the firm?
- Yes.
End of discussion.
But shae works there.
We met in Georgia.
And Debra can't see Matty or Olympia.
They were at the karaoke club.
There's a lot at stake.
I assure you. I have
considered that. so I will see
you here Thursday at 3:00.
Now. let's discuss the terms of the audit.
You are not allowed to look
at any document prior to 2019.
Then how are you going to
get her to bring them to the office
- so I can make copies?
- Don't you worry.
documents going back 20
years will be in the building
for me to refer to.
but you will not be
permitted to look at them
under any circumstance.
Hello. Mr. Hardball.
God. I'm striking out at every turn.
- Did you check the gas stations?
- Yep.
there's two between the crash
site and the dui checkpoint.
Super well-lit with cameras.
If Michael stopped to
wash blood off his car.
- someone would have noticed.
- What the about car washes?
Yeah. there's one along the route.
and it was closed at
the time of the crash.
You're picturing it. aren't you?
What?
Getting your job back. I
overheard Olympia's offer.
- Hunter. I'm sorry...
- No. it's all good.
Just tell me in advance. so I know
if I should wear my nice suit.
Well. if you have a nicer
suit. you should be wearing it.
And you are way too
laid-back about a decision
that affects your job stability.
I had to be flexible growing up.
All right. let's hear it. Pro-con list.
I don't have a list.
- Okay. I have a list.
- I knew it.
Okay. Well. pros.
Olympia's cases are exciting.
and it's really satisfying when we win.
Cons. Quality of life.
Long hours at the
computer has contributed
to what I'm hoping is not
a permanent neck hump.
With Olympia. it's like
everything is an emergency.
and not everything is a 911.
That is a really good point. Sarah.
Shae. There you are.
Thanks for making time for coffee.
Of course.
You showed up for me.
I'm happy to show up for you.
Well. I appreciate that.
but I don't want you
to feel beholden to me.
Just doing my job.
Yeah. spit it out. Matty.
I've allotted five minutes
for this yappuccino. and I am not flexible.
You free for a late lunch Thursday?
Say around 2:30?
That's why you wanted to
have coffee? To talk about lunch?
Well. you... lay eyes on you.
make sure you were doing okay
after the whole hullabaloo.
- Yeah. I am. thank you.
- Good.
Well. why don't we
catch up over Dover sole?
N-No hidden agenda. just girl talk.
I have voir dire Thursday.
I'll be in court all
afternoon. But another time?
- I'd love that.
- Okay.
Thursday's timing works out just great.
Great.
Hunter was just about to
update me on the 911 logs.
Well. no calls about a silver
SUV the night of the crash.
but the police
non-emergency line got one.
Good thinking. What'd you find?
Well. owner of a tattoo shop
along the route said an SUV
was blocking the alley.
Car was gone by the time
parking enforcement got there.
- And did you call the tattoo shop?
- I did.
Guy was a little grumpy.
I thought an in-person
meeting might be more effective.
Maybe I'll even. get some ink.
Let my bad boy side out.
Hey. man. Have some ginger ale.
Sorry.
It's just the needles and the sounds.
I didn't expect to get dizzy.
Do you want to cancel your consult?
It was for me. actually.
With Mr. Toad.
Just toad.
Apologies.
Toad.
You want to get a tattoo?
I want to talk about getting a tattoo.
You staring 'cause I'm old?
Sure am.
- You staring 'cause I'm tatted?
- Sure am.
- They painful?
- Yes.
But so is life.
Least with a tattoo. you
got something to show for it.
I like that.
You want to ink it on my arm?
So?
What are you thinking about getting?
I'm sorry. I have to answer.
Are you safe?
I am. yes.
I'm back at home.
I just came from a meeting.
I'm-I'm so sorry.
Can-can I come talk to you in person?
- If you're sober.
- I am.
I promise.
I'll call you.
Tough road.
It is.
So. listen. I didn't come here for a tattoo.
I'm shocked.
Does the real reason have to do
- with the lawyer that called?
- Guilty.
Can I ask you a question?
Not before you answer
mine. What's your tattoo?
Come on. I told you I'm not here for that.
Doesn't matter.
Everybody knows what
their tattoo would be.
even if they'd never get it.
A catbird.
What's a catbird?
My turn.
You called the
non-emergency police line.
game six of the 2021 world series.
Why?
I've been thinking about that ever since
the other lawyer called.
One of my guys went out for a smoke.
said a SUV was blocking the alley.
He asked him to move. he
didn't. so I went out myself
and filmed the jerk in
case things got heated.
You have footage?
Still on my phone.
Hey. man. you got to clear out.
Yeah. yeah. Okay.
That is definitely Michael Hammond
- washing his car.
- Okay. give me a minute. please.
And we definitely have a case.
Sneaky pinky.
Well. I almost wound up with
a tramp stamp for my troubles.
but this should shut down
their motion to dismiss.
I got to go. Olympia.
The house is crawling with IRS agents.
Have you heard?
Arthur p. Bench is coming into
Jacobson Moore on Thursday.
Well. don't kiss me in
public or you'll blow my cover.
No. no. You should have
heard me arguing with
Julian about the terms
of the audit. I held my ground
like coriolanus with a calculator.
And Debra's bringing in
receipts going back to 2005.
Wow. tough crowd.
Joey called. and he wants
to talk to us in person.
- no.
- And I said yes.
- Madeline.
- We can't close the door on him.
That's what we did with Ellie.
and I've never stopped regretting it.
Okay. if you want us
to hear him out. fine.
but I am not gonna change my mind.
I am not going back into the cycle
and he's going to be lying anyway.
I'll remind you. Mr. Hammond.
depositions are under oath.
So. is that you in this video?
Yes. that's me.
Why were you washing your car
in a dark alley at 11:00 at night?
I vomited.
Food poisoning.
I couldn't make it home. so I pulled over.
Some of it got on the bumper.
so I found the nearest hose
and rinsed it off. then
I drove the rest of the way home.
Can anyone corroborate your story?
My ex-wife was asleep
when I got home. my daughter
- was with her boyfriend.
- That's convenient.
- Travis.
- If the plaintiff is gonna interject.
- we should recess.
- We're good. There won't be
any further interruptions.
I do share my client's skepticism.
You sure it wasn't alcohol poisoning?
I was not drinking and driving that night.
I mean. you do have several duis.
That was a very shameful
period of my life. but I've changed.
I'm grateful for a second chance.
You know who didn't get
a second chance? My dad.
- He didn't get a second chance.
- We're done with this deposition.
- Wait.
- Let's resume
once you get a handle on your client.
Go ahead. Hide behind your lawyer.
You've been hiding
all these years because
- you can't face what you did.
- Travis... -Okay.
- Coward!
- Stop yelling at him.
- He's a good man.
- He left my dad to die.
- He's garbage.
- Don't raise your voice at my daughter.
- You show some respect.
- You don't deserve respect!
- Calm down.
- You deserve to go to jail!
Okay. buddy.
I'm sorry.
I... I-I don't know what happened.
Okay.
Did you use?
Yes.
But I'm back on track. and
I ha... I have three days.
And I'm-I'm going to meetings.
And I'm so sorry.
For what?
Lying to us? Using again?
- Abandoning your infant son?
- All of it.
And I want to make
amends to you and to Alfie.
You think I'd let you anywhere near Alfie?
Come back when you've
got a year and we'll talk.
A year?
- He's just mad...
- You're damn right I'm mad.
He's lied to us from day one.
Because Ellie told me that I
only had one chance with you.
You're blaming your behavior
on our dead daughter?
- No one is saying that. Edwin.
- You chose to lie.
You chose to use.
We gave you a chance.
you threw it away.
You don't deserve to be in Alfie's life.
But I'm his father. and I have rights.
Rights? I don't give a
damn about your rights!
Look. that's enough.
Joey. I-I think you should leave.
just until everybody cools down.
Whoa. That is not my
conflict-averse pops.
It's so weird. ells-bells.
He's acting so out of character.
Says the woman going
back to a tattoo parlor at night.
The bartender said Hammond
was in a suit at the bar.
and then. at the tattoo shop.
he was wearing a high
school rugby Jersey.
and his daughter's boyfriend
is on the rugby team.
You think the daughter
helped him cover his tracks?
Maybe he called her.
had her meet him at the tattoo parlor.
With the rugby shirt. since he vomited.
Exactly.
And then she drove home.
and that's how they got
through the dui checkpoint.
You really are like Matlock.
I told you.
- Well. I got to head out.
- Just be careful.
Tattoo parlors get dicey after this late.
- Did-did you just...
- I heard it.
- I-I know...
- I-I've become my mother.
This is that moment.
Grammy?
Was that mom's voice?
It is. I just made an AI version
during my case last week.
What? What's going on in here?
She's talking to an AI version of mom.
Can I talk to her?
No. no. I-I d... Not a good idea.
Then why are you using it?
Yeah. Why are you using it?
I-I just had a question.
Last week.
I had another question.
You're addicted?
No. I'm not.
It's over. I-I'll stop.
I promise.
- That looks good. man.
- Well. look who it is.
Gotham's soon-to-be painted lady.
Less about getting inked
and more about following up with you.
Well. I figured.
But a dude can dream. and I have been.
After you called. I took
my shot at your. catbird.
Where is it...
I am very touched.
If you don't mind my saying so.
his feather whiskers make
him look like William Howard taft.
Well. whenever you look at it.
you think of whoever or whatever
inspired the catbird.
My brother tuck was a fly-Fisher.
Taught me technique.
Got this a few months after he died.
So. he's always with me.
Well. I can see the benefit in that.
Well. you fire away with your follow-ups.
- and I'll get this stencil on you.
- Come on. now.
Some people need a tattoo.
I don't know why. but I
feel like you're one of them.
Well. I'll lie down. but I'm not doing it.
That's the anthem of
my marriage. by the way.
The night that Michael's
car was out back.
did you notice a teenage girl?
We were thinking his daughter
was in the passenger seat.
Could be a witness.
I don't remember a teenage girl. but...
I didn't ever have eyes
on the inside of the car.
That door leads to the alley. right?
But you went out the front door.
Yeah. dude had his
vehicle against the wall.
That door wouldn't open because it was
bumping up against a bike
that was mounted on the back.
A bike?
Sorry. It's... do you remember the color?
Scarlett. can you tell us
if this red bike is yours?
Gonna need a verbal
yes or no for the court.
Yes.
And did you ride that bike
to meet your father at the bar
the night Mr. Lee was killed?
Object to the form of the question.
On what grounds?
Or are you warning your
client to answer carefully?
Did your father have you meet him
because he was too
incapacitated to drive?
Yes.
- Scarlett.
- I met my dad at the bar.
I biked from my boyfriend's house.
We drove home from there together.
- Who drove?
- Me.
And-and it was dark.
and there was no way
I could see him on the side of the road.
"Him." as in Doug Lee?
Yes. My dad started
throwing up. and I was trying to help him.
but when I leaned over. I lost control
- and that's when I hit him.
- It's my fault.
My-my drinking.
She was 15.
She was just trying to take care of me.
But then she drove away. and
you both hid what happened.
Which is a felony under
the New York penal code.
and charges will be brought.
Are you okay. Travis?
I-I need to get some air.
He blames himself. is the problem.
He thought once he
found out what happened.
the feeling would go away. but...
How do you stop a feeling?
Maybe cold Turkey.
Like quitting drugs.
Make a decision and you
keep reminding yourself
why you made it.
- It's not easy.
- Insanely hard.
But then. the second
day's easier than the first
and the third day is
easier than the second.
Fourth day's a hellscape. and on and on.
And when you relapse?
You go back to day one.
And you start all over again.
What other choice do you have?
Hey. Hunter said you headed up here.
Ellie?
I thought you stopped.
Not so easy. I mean. I
get to sit with my daughter.
I get to talk to her.
But it's not real.
I know that.
But it doesn't matter. 'cause it feels real.
I don't have to worry
about if she's gonna use or...
Or if I'm gonna lose her.
Look...
I have no experience with this.
but as your friend who wants you to heal.
I'm not sure if this is helping.
I know.
I just...
I want to ask Ellie if she blames me.
Then why haven't you?
'Cause then I won't have
any reason to come back.
And I don't want to say
goodbye to her again.
Is it almost time?
Shae just left for court.
Edwin arrives in ten minutes.
Is he clear on the plan?
Well. we went over it this morning. and...
He's gonna keep it simple.
No threats.
- No accent.
- Arthur p. Bench.
They're expecting me.
- You'll keep senior occupied.
- I had to get on your schedule
so we could talk plans
for the twins' birthdays.
We don't need him complicating anything
when Debra Palmer arrives for the audit.
Exactly when did you first start offering
- your embalming specials. -Ms. Palmer?
- 2010.
That's when I expanded
into the "living space."
so then I needed to purchase
all new ingredients that
were only partially toxic.
- A reminder...
- We are focused
on 2019 to the present.
I'm not asking to see
anything prior. I am asking
to legitimize expenditures
that were back-laid by undercuts
in cash flow accounting.
What does that mean?
It means Arthur is focused on undercuts
instead of general solvency.
Young man. are you
telling me how to do my job?
- Someone should.
- Julian.
Because I am a proud
member of the United States
internal revenue service for 43 years.
seven months and ten days.
Well. they whiffed on
their hiring practices.
You might want to think
twice before insulting
the only government agency
that can get into your checking account
as if it were a sock drawer!
Now you're threatening to audit me?
The IRS doesn't threaten.
We act.
Boys. boys. please.
Why don't we just take
a walk or something
so you can... you can just cool off. okay?
Thanks for the muscle in there.
Of course. I'm sorry I got a little heated.
I did too.
Should we take off all our clothes?
I'm just kidding.
Your dad would be furious.
Unless he wouldn't be?
God.
You marks ton men have
the same chapped lips.
Wasn't aware.
Don't be embarrassed.
I have a balm that will change your life.
Let me show you a before-and-after.
'cause you're gonna freak.
Where is my phone?
I swear it has little legs on it.
- Pardon me. miss.
- Not at all.
Debra?
Sorry. Mr. Bench. I forgot my phone.
Well. I hope your
attorney has calmed down.
He's getting there.
Wait a minute.
Thank you. Now. please
hide before Debra comes back.
No.
What?
I know him.
You do.
I don't want to lie to you.
so I'm asking you. please.
don't ask more questions. shae.
Like I said.
You showed up for
me. I show up for you.
Have you seen Olympia?
Because her student-client
is crying in the stairwell.
I'm-I'm sorry.
I-I know I got what I wanted... the truth...
And they'll both be
charged. but I-I just had
an intense panic attack.
which. happens with PTSD.
That what's going on?
According to my therapist. yeah.
I thought I had it handled. but I guess.
the case brought everything back.
Feel like I'm 17 again.
yelling at my dad about my curfew.
That's what we were arguing about.
Over 30 stupid minutes.
- If I hadn't walked out...
- You can't
blame yourself. Travis.
How do I stop?
Cold Turkey.
Just make the decision.
And that works?
I don't know. son.
It's worth a try.
What's. what's going on. buddy?
Yeah... I was just eating yogurt.
and then my heart
started beating really fast
and then I was kind of hyperventilating.
so I think I just... I think
I just had a panic attack.
Or yogurt.
'Cause you don't know
who you should work for.
Exactly.
Well. what's the rush? You'll figure it out.
Yeah. but I... I don't like not knowing.
I always know.
In high school. I aimed for college.
in college. I aimed for law school
and then in law school. I
aimed for Jacobson Moore
and then Olympia and...
And now you don't know.
which is hard 'cause
you're addicted to goalposts
and the hit you get when you clear one.
So what should I do?
Play dodgeball.
Okay. I'd like to think you're joking.
but that dopey grin tells me otherwise.
You'll-you'll know when
you know. In the meantime.
you... you got to get rid
of that nervous energy.
And you're in luck. 'cause I have an in
with the captain of my dodgeball team.
I'm the captain.
Okay.
Arthur the accountant came through.
Olympia and Julian are knee-deep
in Debra's 2010 records
looking for the 350.000.
I'm glad it worked.
Have you come to your senses?
About Joey?
Yeah.
I've heard you yell...
A total of three times
in our entire marriage.
Stubborn. strident. reactive. unforgiving?
It... that's just not you.
And I... I'm trying to figure out why.
And I think... you have
some PTSD from Ellie.
Madeline. I have processed my grief.
Yes. your grief.
But you haven't handled your trauma.
The relapses.
The constant panic.
Loving someone that intensely
and hating them and fearing for them.
That's a deep trauma. Edwin.
That's PTSD.
It was when Joey disappeared.
I went back...
To Ellie.
I know.
But Joey is not Ellie.
And Alfie is no longer a baby.
And...
I'm a different person. too.
You held my hand when I
was looking into the abyss.
I just want what's best for Alfie.
I know.
Tag!
You're out. red 12.
Same team.
You're red 12. remember?
I never knew how satisfying it would feel
to throw balls at people.
Did you see that one guy I
gave. like. two black eyes to?
The referee? Yeah. You also set
a new league record for yellow cards.
Important thing is you
know your move. right?
Yeah.
So. I know you asked
me for an answer. and...
My answer is that I don't know.
And the merger is
closing in two weeks. so...
I am going to take the
full two weeks to decide.
And I hope that you can respect that.
because I am worth the wait.
I agree.
I'll wait.
I shouldn't have let things get
so out of hand the other night.
I-I'm sorry for everything. I really am.
Hey.
I'm sorry. Alfie.
For not sticking around
when I knew about you.
For not being honest.
But mostly. I'm sorry about
all the years I missed out on.
I know what a great kid you are. Alfie.
and my slipup had
nothing to do with you.
But me being back here...
Has everything to do with you.
Come on.
That sounds so sweet.
It really was.
A catbird moment. truly.
I remember that.
I was seven. and I wanted
to see a catbird so badly.
You took me to that preserve.
Yeah. and when you
saw that little grey bird.
you burst into tears.
Just... "It's just"
"a boring bird. I thought it was gonna be
- something special."
- No whiskers.
- no fur. False advertising.
- And "catbird"
became our code for something special.
Which is why...
You didn't.
Well. what do you want now?
A tattoo.
I need something to hold on to.
It's a way to keep you with me always.
Because I have to let you go again.
As painful as that might be.
I love you. mom.
I love you. Ellie.
Any luck?
It took a minute. but Matty.
we got what we needed.
- What do you mean?
- There is a cash withdrawal
for 350k. and it left her
account the day before
the wolf visited priva.
We got our proof.
We've tied senior to the hush money.
Is everything okay?
Yeah.
It's better than okay.
Today feels like day one.
Captioning sponsored by and Toyota.
Captioned by media access
group at wgbh access.Wgbh.Org
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-